**Sprint 1 Team Reflection**

*Kevin Morales*: I mainly worked on the database portion of the application. We chose as a group to use Google Firebase, as it seemed as a beginner friendly database software, as none of us have had past experiences with databases. I was able to have the user's information inserted into our realtime database. I also added a verification email feature to our application, that would send a verification email to the user when signing up. One issue with this feature, is I was unable to disallow the user to login without verifying their email prior. Also, I created the Google alternative sign-in feature. However, you must've already signed up for the application in order to sign in using google. As for sprint 2, I feel we should be able to accompliosh a lot more now that our database, for the most is already set up, and we will be able to add the rest of our features easily. 

*Muhammad Abdullah*: For the current sprint, I worked on creating aspects of the login essentials. These included creating an account and/or logging in. Since we were also attempting to implement the database, it was quite difficult for it to all allign. One of the main problems that I encountered was that I was having a difficult time pulling/pushing certain things on the repo, thus causing confusion amoungst the team. This was also a problem we faced as a group because we were spending more time on attempting to understand how android studio actually works when working with a group. For the upcoming sprint, I will be aiming to finalize the login page and some of the things we didn't get to finish during sprint 1. On top of that, I would like to also get the whole group on the same page (in terms of making sure everyone is good to go on everything in the repo), and to move forward in a more concrete  manner.

*Filipe Mourao*: During sprint 1 I had done research on how to implement certain aspects of the login page. A problem was encountered after the Google firebase was implemented where the virtual device was not running corretly on andriod studio. This problem had cost us crucial time on completeing the rest of the user stories assigned to be completed for this sprint. Past the issue encountered, getting the database to run was a crucial step in this sprint to really get the ball rolling on the upcoming sprints. These sprints will hopefully run smoother now that we have past some of the difficult portions of the project. We continuously communicate with one another about changes going on involving the project which helps the team stay on track. I will continue to work delegently to complete the rest of the unfinished user stories of sprint 1 while starting the tasks at hand for sprint 2.
