**Sprint 1 Team Reflection**

*Filipe Mourao*: During this sprint I mainly focused on the implementation of the user profile page. This profile page is used for the user's to check their profile settings such as username, email, sport and other data values. You may also change your profile picture in the profile page by just clicking on the picture button. I was also able to accomplish the integration of the toolbar. This toolbar allows the user's to navigate through the app easily. I encountered many issues while creating the profile page. The code of getUid() does not correctly get the information from the realtime database so I was having trouble displaying the correct information.

*Muhammad Abdullah*:  For this particular sprit, I focued on finalizing the Calender feature (adding/removing events) and creating tests for the application. As the calender feature made a bit of progress in the last sprint, I was more focused on finalizing it and adding an events feature. We collectively decided to remove this feature as it was not entirely necessary, and chose to focus on finalizing the app in its entirety before attempting to add extra features. I have also been working on adding tests, beggining at the login page. I was having trouble with the password of the login always throwing a fail, but I realized it was due to an error in the settings of android studio. Overall, I was able to get almost all of the testing complete, but would love to tweak the entire app in order to assure smooth transitions and interactions.

*Kevin Morales*: For this sprint, towards the beginning I was in charge of fixing our authentication bug as we were unable to new accounts in our application. After fixing this issue, I began to implement the database into our team pages section. I had some issues with this part, however was able to overcome it by creating an array rather than an arraylist. Follwoing this I began to look into the delete account feature and the notifications for the application. I had trouble building notifcations and had to move past it to get to the other tasks of the project. During this sprint, the group decided to remove several features that we added as optional in the beginning of the semester. These features included the calender, messaging, and linking the coach's social media accounts. This allowed us to focus on the core of the application as well as the Testing for the application. Overall, this sprint had several bugs which led to us deleting features, however we were able to power through.  
